94 explain how to add external resources annotations (#98)
oda-hub/hugo-odahub: content/docs/guide-development.md

source_name = "Crab" # oda:AstrophysicalObject
reference_energy = 20 # oda:keV
```   

> ### Adding an external resource annotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding external resource annotations
```

> In case your notebook relies on some external resources, such as S3 storage or compute cluster this should be reflected in the annotations in the notebook cell tagged `parameters`. Below is the list of the resource annotations supported currently:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case your notebook explicitly calls some external resources, such as S3 storage or compute cluster this should be reflected in the annotations in the notebook cell tagged `parameters`. Below is the list of the resource annotations supported currently:
```

`oda:S3` - S3 storage</br>
`oda:Dask` - Dask compute cluster</br>

All kinds of resources may have `resourceBindingEnvVarName` property. If the resource is available the corresponding enviroment variable stores json with the credentials needed to access the resource.

For example, in the code below we declare the S3 storage:

```
# oda:usesRequiredResource oda:MyS3 .
# oda: MyS3 a oda:S3 .
# oda: MyS3 oda:resourceBindingEnvVarName "MY_S3_CREDENTIALS" .
```  
In the code below we initialize the S3 storage session using the credentials provided by means of the environment variable:

```
import json
import os
from minio import Minio

credentials_env = os.environ.get('MY_S3_CREDENTIALS')
if credentials_env:
	credentials=json.loads(credentials_env)
	client = Minio(
            endpoint=credentials["endpoint"],
            access_key=credentials["access_key"],
            secret_key=credentials["secret_key"],
        )

``` 

In the example below we declare dask cluster resource requirements in the parameter cell

```
# oda:usesRequiredResource oda:MyDaskCluster .

> # oda: MyDaskCluster a oda:Dask .

Reviewer: why spaces after `oda:`?
